so hello to unboxing from samsung galaxy
note 10.1 I have this great tippelt
so now for our great side gamers
get android
Sponsor for the review of bats de want
we look at the good part and me
must confess it is my first
I 've killed something
have already removed several plastic parts
from the device and have only now times
obligatory this great
transport protection foil attached to the
few details reflect for example
Of course you can tell that that
device has this pen pen and a 1 4
ghz quad core processor
but that's not the best thing
Personally, I am very excited about it
then you can do two gigabytes
then really a lot of multi tasking
make and also for
high resolution games and not movies
Badly add so much memory
have now so we see ever
the startup screen
The device has 16 GB of internal memory
but can via micro sd card slot
to be extended
another nice feature is one
smart remote so you can diverse
devices hifi systems or even at the
control
that's pretty nice looking
you as one gets from all sides to
it is relatively flat
so from the side you can see now
nothing at all and also here
one only the connection where one then than
micro usb can lower
and yes , that's just as empty
There are a few up here
connections
For example, we would have the sim
card slot a push because this is here
the 3g version is an infrared port
here
and then we also have a micro
SD card slot for memory cards
Then there is the one attack here
button and the volume rocker and
Of course here for music fans there
of course the headphones connection
what else do we have speakers
we have great stereo left and right
speakers and front are natural
the obligatory brightness sensor
and the front camera behind is there
Of course, a camera too
list this has five megapixels and
was
who likes with a tray
snapshots may want to do this
then do so so far so i am
actually quite pleased with the first
Press the device with it we will
also determines interesting things
So for example, what does that have?
now gets really performance-related
on the hood
we can do that in various ways
benchmarks still determine or even
of course in games and of course how
the beats her in everyday life the great
tablet that you then learn in the
next days with us we wanted you
a little more on the accessories
point out here we have one
great quick start guide
and here we have what is that
charging the device completely
two-piece part plug and another one
further guarantee snacks and we have
we have the obligatory usb connection
for data transfer and of course for
in lahnstein headphones are still in
may not have held white
so good to the device but that does too
nothing like that and still some small parts where
still flying around in the box
that would be the whole hurry hurry
There is more then as I said next
week on sugar android de